Add a glossary and example link (#12306)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/glossary.rst

    Moving Average

        A method that smooths data by averaging values over a sliding window of data points.

        .. seealso::
            :ref:`gdal_grid_tut`.

    Nearest Neighbor

        A method that finds the closest data point(s) to a given point, often used for classification or estimation based on similarity.

    Raster

        A type of spatial data used with GIS, consisting of a regular grid of points spaced at a set distance (the resolution);
        often used to represent heights (DEM) or temperature data.

    Search Ellipse

        :term:`Search window` in :term:`gridding` algorithms specified in the form of rotated ellipse.

        .. seealso::
            :ref:`gdal_grid_tut`.

    Search Window

        A defined area within which data is analyzed or searched, often used in spatial analysis or image processing.

        .. seealso::
            :ref:`gdal_grid_tut`.

    VSI

        Virtual System Interface. An interface for accessing files and datasets in non-filesystem locations, such as
        in-memory files, zip files, and over network protocols.

        .. seealso::
            :ref:`virtual_file_systems`.

    WKT

>         Well-Known Text. Text representation of geometries described in the Simple Features for SQL (SFSQL) specification.

Author: Added a WKT-CRS entry just after WKT

>         Well-Known Text. Text representation of geometries described in the Simple Features for SQL (SFSQL) specification.

Reviewer: > Added a WKT-CRS entry just after WKT

you probably forgot to push that commit

.. _glossary:

================================================================================
Glossary
================================================================================

.. glossary::

    EPSG

        European Petroleum Survey Group. A group of geospatial experts for the petroleum industry (1986–2005),
        now part of IOGP (International Association of Oil & Gas Producers). Known for creating the EPSG Geodetic Parameter Dataset,
        a widely used database of coordinate systems and geodetic parameters.

    VSI

>         Virtual System Interface. An interface for accessing non-standard datasets, such as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Virtual System Interface. An interface for accessing files and datasets in non-filesystem locations, such as
```
